Good-looking in Dad's face
I'll leave you one more room
OK
Someone is waiting for the young master, please be ready to rest elsewhere
Ask the best doctor to help the young master with his adoptive mother's illness
And this is where the young master grew up
Ask the best workers to fix this
Yes thank you go
old man
You're not really going to abandon us orphans and widows, are you?
I have but one son.
It's Jiang Li
As for the villain
Give him some sweetness first
Hold him steady
Before he gives me any more negative news
influence
Hahaha, I knew it.
Dad doesn't like that idiot at all
Butler Jiang, please take my mother in first.
I think you're mistaken.
I'm really not the heir to the Huacan Group
Master, look at this
Why do you have a picture of my mom?
Your mother is my only daughter
And I've also taken a paternity test
It's still my long-lost grandson
Are you really the throne?
Hahahaha
Shimmer hey hey hey young master
The chairperson has appointed someone named
The heir to the world's largest Huacan Group by market value
As for the endless Jiang Jia for you
Huacan Group has ended all cooperation
Jiang Qin will have no place in Pingcheng